# Six-Sigma-Training-in-Malaysia
Lean Six Sigma Black belt  Six Sigma was born approximately two decades ago as a process improvement philosophy to help improve business financial performance. The objective of six sigma was to reduce the number of the defect to as low as 3.4 part million opportunities. Quality management has long been established as an important management strategy for achieving competitive advantage. The traditional quality initiatives, including Statistical Quality Control, Zero Defects, and Total Quality Management, have been key players for many years. Six Sigma is the newest quality management program which helps companies increase both customer satisfaction and financial benefits.  Lean Six Sigma  Black belt  is a well-established approves to improve business performance and deliver measurable or quantifiable benefits to the organization. The Six Sigma concept gain more importance because of its successful implementation in many world-class organizations in improving the business performance and optimizing the bottom-line benefit. It is well understood that for Six Sigma to be successful, companies must take the Critical Success Factors into account and then integrate them into organization’ strategic business plans.   Six Sigma main objectives are to reduce variation and defects, increase customer satisfaction, and increase profit. Six Sigma is a program that has a goal or target towards zero defects by controlling the productivity process. In business term, Six Sigma is a business improvement strategy used to improved profitability, to drive out waste, to reduce quality costs and improve the effectiveness and efficiency of all operations that meet or even exceed customers’ needs and expectations. However, Six Sigma has different interpretations and definition for different people.  It is a formal and disciplined methodology for defining, measuring, analyzing, improving and controlling processes.  Benefits of Lean Six Sigma Blackbelt  There are many business benefits that can be achieved through the implementation of a successful Six Sigma.  In reality, firms with a few as 10 employees can greatly benefit from the implementation of six sigma methodology. Six Sigma also will affect the people in your organization such as motivates, empowers, energizes, compensates, and education. In addition, the Key success factor differentiating Six Sigma are:  ·        The emphasis on statistical science and measurement; ·        A structured training deployment plan - Champion, Master Black Belt, Black Belt and Green Belt; ·        A  project-focused  approach  with  a  single  set  of problem-solving techniques  such  as  DMAIC (Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve, Control); and ·        Reinforcement  of  top  management  leadership,  continuous  education, and annual saving plan;  Six Sigma Methodology  Lean Six Sigma Black belt is a methodology that provides business with the tools to improve the capability of their business processes.  This methodology increases performance and decreases process variation. Many know Six Sigma in term of its systematic, phased problem-solving and process improvement methodology, called DMAIC:  Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve and Control.  Various tools are applied in each phase to accomplish that phase’s objectives. The size of the organization doesn’t matter for this methodology to apply.  Six Sigma Training  With Lean Six Sigma  Black belt training, you’ll learn the core principles of Six Sigma, how effectively statistical analysis can be used by Minitab tool, and to implement quality projects and applications. With the integration of DMAIC methodologies in the projects, helps to empower your organization for continuous improvement.  Six Sigma combines lean enterprise and Six Sigma to exclude the eight kinds of waste. The concepts of these methodologies complement each other and produce synergistic impact in achieving profound results. The results are so outstanding that it increases both the profits and the increase in business.  The training on Six Sigma will give you an overview of Six Sigma and organizational goals and shows to apply the DMAIC methodology. You will become a vital investor in foremost and instigate Six Sigma projects in your organization. You will use DFSS Tools such as QFD, FMEA, RPN and Failure Mode.  The Six Sigma Green Belt certification is most suited for Quality Engineers, Quality System Managers, Quality Supervisors, Quality Analysts, and Managers, Quality Auditors, and Individuals who want to learn and practice Six Sigma Principles.    
